added new topics (#2439)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/background-step.md

:::note

There is no DinD requirement for containerized step groups. Unless a step requires DinD, Harness needs only a Kubernetes cluster to run the containerized step.

If a Harness deployment type requires DinD, the Background step is added automatically as part of the stage Execution setup.

Whether the dind step is added automatically or manually, you must configure it.

:::

If step(s) in a containerized step group require DinD, you can add a **Background** step that performs the Docker in Docker (DinD) setup.

![Background step](../static/709bba43286b3b8e4d1b2eb92808ed7bba988683567f70ea769bba38cee914cc.png)  

The Background step creates the DinD environment. In this environment, each subsequent step group step is run inside the Kubernetes pod as containers.

## Background step settings

The Background step has the following settings.

### Name and Id

When you name the step, Harness automatically adds an [Id](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/References/entity-identifier-reference) based on the name.

> You can use the Background step Id to call services started by Background steps in later steps, such as commands in Run steps. For example, a cURL command could call `BACKGROUND_STEP_ID:5000` where it might otherwise call `localhost:5000`.
> 
> ![picture 0](static/1d52c641a8b442054d83fc2b8bacc1917371f53c7100a0fcf0a7b6666342ce2e.png)  
> 
> If the Background step is inside a step group, you must include step group Id, such as `curl STEP_GROUP_ID_BACKGROUND_STEP_ID:5000`, even if both steps are in the same step group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Background step Id to call services started by Background steps in later steps, such as commands in Run steps. For example, a cURL command could call `STEPGROUPID_BACKGROUNDSTEPID:5000` where it might otherwise call `localhost:5000`.

![picture 0](static/1d52c641a8b442054d83fc2b8bacc1917371f53c7100a0fcf0a7b6666342ce2e.png)  

You must include step group Id, such as `curl STEP_GROUP_ID_BACKGROUND_STEP_ID:5000`, even if both steps are in the same step group.
```

Took out the "if" part because they have to be in a step group in CD. Also, the underscore between step group ID and background step ID is getting lost due to that way of writing placeholders. I don't know if something like STEPGROUPID_BACKGROUNDSTEPID works better or not. If they leave out the underscore, it won't work . Maybe add a sentence "Note that there must be an underscore between the step group ID and the background step ID."

You can reference environment variables in the **Command** script by their name. For example, a Bash script would use `$var_name` or `${var_name}`, and a Windows PowerShell script would use `$Env:varName`.

### Image Pull Policy

Select an option to set the pull policy for the image.

- **Always:** The kubelet queries the container image registry to resolve the name to an image digest every time the kubelet launches a container. If the kubelet encounters an exact digest cached locally, it uses its cached image; otherwise, the kubelet downloads (pulls) the image with the resolved digest, and uses that image to launch the container.
- **If Not Present:** The image is pulled only if it is not already present locally.
- **Never:** The image is assumed to exist locally. No attempt is made to pull the image.

### Set Container Resources

Maximum resource limits for containers that clone the codebase at runtime. For more information, go to [Resource units in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes).

> ### DinD Background step example

Reviewer: I think this would be more logical at the top under the  main DinD section?

When you run a pipeline that uses a containerized step group and Background step, you can see the DinD set up in the step log in the pipeline execution.

Select the step to see its log and how the DinD is set up. The general sequence is:

1. The log shows certificate requests being self-signed for the Docker in Docker (DinD) server and client.
2. The DinD environment is starting up.
3. It indicates that containerd is not running and starts the managed containerd process.
4. Containerd starts with information about the revision and version.
5. Various plugins are loaded, such as snapshotter, content, metadata, differ, event, GC scheduler, lease manager, NRI (disabled), runtime, sandbox, streaming, and services.
6. The log ends without further actions or errors.

> ## Advanced settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced settings
```
